# Start a mod

So, now you can start to make/host a mod. To start your mod, you need to configure your `ModdingConfig.js` file.

## Create a game instance
To create and manage a game, you need to create a game instance.
So in your `ModdingConfig.js` file, you can add this code:
```js
const StarblastModding = require("starblast-modding");
let container = new StarblastModding.BrowserClient({});
```
More settings [here](/api/classes/browserclient#constructor-v11-alpha6)

## Set ECP Key
::alert{type="info"}
Your ECP Key is not kept by the system, it's just used to host a game, like on the browser. The source code is available [here](https://github.com/bhpsngum/starblast-modding)
::
To host files, you need an ECP Key, so you need to add a valid ECP Key. 

You can add an ECP like this:
```js
container.setECPKey("your-ecp-key");
```
## Set Region

Once you have set your ECP Key, you need to choose the server where the game will be hosted. You can choose between `America`, `Europe` and `Asia`. To get the best playing conditions, you should choose the region where you are, or where you are closest to.

You can set the region like this:
```js
container.setRegion("YOUR REGION");
```

## Link your mod with the config file

Now we just need the mod code to be able to host, and we could start the code
To link the mod code with your `ModdingConfig.js` file, you can add :

With a external script
```js
container.loadCodeFromExternal("URL MOD");
```

With a local script (`ModdingEditor.js`)
```js
container.loadCodeFromLocal("./ModdingEditor.js");
```

With a string script
```js
container.loadCodeFromString("YOUR MOD CODE");
```

## Start the game

Now, you can start the game with `.start()` function:
```js
container.start();
```

## Start the `ModdingConfig.js` file

Now, you can start the full `ModdingConfig.js` file with this command:
```bash [node]
node ModdingConfig.js
```

And if you want to debug / stop the game manually, you can execute the script with this parameter: `--inspect`, and you need to open your browser with the URL `chrome://inspect`, or `edge://inspect` if you are using Edge.
```bash [node]
node --inspect ModdingConfig.js
```
::alert{type="warning"}
Make sure to be in the same directory as the `ModdingConfig.js` file.
::


**Congratulations**, you have now a working mod! You will see the link in your terminal, and you can play your mod!



## Full exemple for `ModdingConfig.js`
```js
const StarblastModding = require("starblast-modding");
let container = new StarblastModding.BrowserClient({});
container.setECPKey("your-ecp-key");
container.setRegion("YOUR REGION");
container.loadCodeFromExternal("URL MOD");
container.start();
```